Add first draft of OpenPBS power limit plugin (#2848)
geopm/geopm: service/integration/open_pbs/README.rst

In the case where a job is interrupted unexpectedly prior to the hook being
able to restore the power limit setting, the hook will rectify the setting the
next time it is triggered on the affected nodes. For this, the hook saves the
original setting to a file prior to applying any changes. This is leveraged by
the hook during the epilogue for the restore operation and is also used to
correct the power limit setting if it was not restored as part of the previous
job. More specifically, if a new power limit is not requested in the next job
involving the affected nodes (and the save file is present), the hook will
take the opportunity to restore the power limit setting during the prologue so
the new job is not affected by a prior power limit setting.

Usage
-----

To request a power limit for a job, the user can provide the
``geopm-node-power-limit`` resource when queueing a job via ``qsub``. The
general syntax is as follows:

::

   qsub [-l geopm-node-power-limit=<power limit (watts)>]
      [<other qsub options>] [- | <script> | -- <executable> [<arguments>]]

Requirements
------------

The GEOPM power limit hook requires:

- OpenPBS

> - geopmdpy (and libgeopmd) with LevelZero support on nodes where the power
>   limit feature is needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- geopmdpy (and libgeopmd) on nodes where the power limit feature is needed
```
Do we really need level zero?  All I see in the hook are MSRs.

Author: Good point. This was confusion on my part. Will fix.

- This feature requires platform vendor HW support. In particular, it requires

>   HW support for certain MSRs: MSR_PLATFORM_LIMIT and
>   MSR_PLATFORM_ENGERGY_COUNTER

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  HW support for certain MSRs: MSR::PLATFORM_POWER_LIMIT and
  MSR::PLATFORM_ENERGY_STATUS
```

Reviewer: Actually, I'm not sure why you're calling out ```MSR::PLATFORM_ENERGY_STATUS``` here.  I don't see it being used in the hook.

Author: Fixed the naming.

The PLATFORM_ENERGY_STATUS is not needed directly by the hook, but it's an indirect dependency, as the IOGroup uses it internally.
